Liturgical Calendar 2022 is a highly customizable, offline monthly calendar app for Android. Have an agenda planner in your pocket, designed to do exactly what a personal tiny schedule planner should do in 2022. No complicated features, unnecessary permissions, or ads!  Plus, it displays all the saints of the day and holy days of obligation from the Roman Catholic Calendar. It supports syncing events via Google Calendar or other calendars supporting CalDAV protocol.

Liturgical Calendar 2022 Features:

➕ No ads or annoying popups, truly great user experience!
➕ No internet access is needed, giving you more privacy, security, and stability
➕ Calendar Widget supports exporting & importing events via .ics files
➕ Export settings to .txt files to import to another device
➕ Flexible event creation – times, duration, reminders, powerful repetition rules
➕ CalDAV support for syncing events via Google Calendar, Microsoft Outlook, Nextcloud, Exchange, etc

✔️ Personalized Just for You
➕ Schedule planner - customize and change sound, looping, audio stream, vibrations
➕ Calendar widget - Colorful Calendars and customizable themes
➕ Open source tiny calendar, translated into 45+ languages
➕ Plan your day with others - ability to share events fast on social media, emails, etc
➕ Family Organizer - with hasslefree event duplication, organization, and time management

✔️ Organization and Time Management
➕ Day planner - the agenda planner will help you to organize your day
➕ Weekly planner - staying ahead of your busy weekly schedule has never been easier
➕ Itinerary manager - business calendar shared between teams at work
➕ Appointment scheduler - organize and maintain your agenda with ease
➕ Planning app - easy to use personal event, appointment reminder, and schedule planner
➕ Plan your day - manage your day with this android schedule planner, event & family organizer

✔️ #1 Calendar App
➕ Import holidays, contact birthdays, and anniversaries easily
➕ Filter personal events quickly by event type
➕ Daily schedule and event location, shown on a map
➕ Quick business calendar, or personal digital agenda
➕ Quickly switch between daily, weekly, monthly, yearly & event views

DOWNLOAD LITURGICAL CALENDAR PLANNER – OFFLINE SCHEDULE AND AGENDA PLANNER WITH NO ADS! PLAN YOUR 2024 TIMETABLE!

It comes with material design and dark theme by default, provides great user experience for easy usage. The lack of internet access gives you more privacy, security and stability than other apps.

Contains no ads or unnecessary permissions and has customizable colors.
